NOTE: The code for the VST is specific to the CSound Qt. To test the performance of the synthesizer please do so using the CSound Qt software.
THE REVERBERATOR
The reverberator is a csound reverb-focused synthesizer. It is a basic sawtooth oscillator with an additional sinewave oscillator acting as an LFO for modulation, with added EQ and reverb modules. 
The two oscillators have included in them controls which allow for their modulation. The main sawtooth oscillator’s ramp characteristics are controlled by a slider on the instrument (Range 0 to 0.95), with the reading displayed below the slider. The LFO oscillator is controlled by two knobs, which determine its gain influence (Range 0.01 to 0.2) on the previous oscillator, as well as its modulation frequency (Range 0 to 30), the readings of which are displayed alongside them. 
The instruments equalizer section works to modify the output sound of the signal produced by the oscillators. It is a 3-Band EQ, with the oscillator signal being split and sent to 4 different filters. These filtered signals are then multiplied by the value output of the EQ sliders (Range from 0 to 30) and combined to make one signal output. This is then sent out to the reverb instrument, with the amount of send determined by the output of the Reverb Dry/Wet slider (Range from 0 to 1), as well as out on its own for a dry alternative.
The signal sent out from the first instrument and is then modified by a reverb instrument. Here, an 8-delay line FDN reverb is applied, with two controls added to modulate it’s room size (Range 0 to 0.95) and a low cut filter (Range 0 to 12k).  The instrument outputs a signal with reverb, with the amount sent out determined by how much is sent in from the first instrument, according to the reverb dry/wet slider.
For usage of the reverberator, a midi keyboard is reccomentded, as it is naturaly set up to be played this way. The keyboard used by myself during the writing of the code and testing of the finished product was the M-Audio Oxygen25 midi keyboard. Otherwise, iTime events could be inputted into the score section of the csound file to use the instrument, which would require some alterations to the code (Replacing icps in the sawtooth oscillator line with a pvalue, which would read the score event figure representing a midi note value).
Alterations can also be made to the codes EQ system, by change of filter frequency values in the filter section, altering filter cut off rates.

